[MUSIC]
>> Justin Meyer: We've done DOTs,
which is cool.
We had our test passing
with the DOT exercise.
But, what if we wanted to do something
more than just find a property?
What if we wanted to find a function and
then invoke that function?
This is the trick.
Because remember one of
our rules was Call, right?
Dot, and then invoking a function, and
the context is gonna be whatever is
to the left of the DOT.yet Regardless
of where that function is
found on the chain, right?
So we have another exercise.
Let's write a DOTCALL.
Let's recreate that same functionality but
we're gonna use this DOTCALL method.
So if you have the same two files open, if
you have the test page in your browser and
your template file open in your IDE,
we're gonna use this type of setup,
we're gonna create var Person.
This is the same construct
that you already have.
And then we're gonna say, prototype.speak.
We're gonna add a function onto our
newly constructed objects prototypes,
proto, object.
So a little bit up the chain,
we're gonna add a function called speak,
and it's gonna console.log.
Hello + this.name.
And this, this keyword should be
the instance of our newly created object.
So we're gonna say,
var person = new Person('Smith').
And when we get a person, speak, and then
an array of arguments we wanna pass in.
In our case, we don't have any
arguments we wanna pass in.
This should be the same
as saying person.speak.
These two lines will be equivalent.
The part that's grayed out is just
the signature, it's our API we wanna meet.
The big hint here, DOTCALL will set
context.
>> Justin Meyer: .call will
invoke a function and set this inside that
function.
>> Justin Meyer: Does that make sense?
Is there any questions on
what you see on the screen.
Yes.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE] can
we use our previous function DOT?.
>> Justin Meyer: You totally can,
you totally can, good question.